feat: validator rewards (#13)
codex-storage/codex-spec: specs/marketplace.md

The slashing works as follows:

> - It is slashed by `config.collateral.slashPercentage` **of the originally required collateral** (hence the slashing amount is always the same for a given request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When SP misses a proof and a validator trigger detection of this event using the `markProofAsMissing()` call, the SP is slashed by `config.collateral.slashPercentage` **of the originally required collateral** (hence the slashing amount is always the same for a given request).
```

IMHO the original wording could use improvement ;-)
